In general, I am from space, but speaking
I'm seriously from the Moscow region
gargantia my positive qualities are
optimism and my negative qualities
this is me constantly starting to do some
affairs immediately I really want to learn how to do
all in order got off some
hobbies besides singing really love
be sure to guru me to toys
crocheted baybarza medtech I
I love to draw and ride
I don't want to be like a bike
I want to be like myself
first of all I want to be good
man is a good man is that
a man who quarrels with no one
all climbs always Varechka hi how
your mood is ten and me
all before and thanks to who are you today
came show talisman to me him
gave the best friend to help me
what is his name i just call you his name
only afraid to say
I just do not know who itil I swore
an apostate that is even like that but I
I am very glad that I am confident that I am
you turn and I hope so
I will leave worried storage we will
cheering for you together good luck
with mom
sma
jasper
and spikes
what whiteness
can't
I could have us and .
this
and tasty
job.ru
weight gain
nadya plc
Well
do you want to change
wasp
is caught
skype
but
courage
culture
h
I will meet on
Krishna
prey
have all
she is
furniture
on father
backwards
sma
ahhh
here it is yes it is this way yes
so no when I was born on 1 word was
here it is yes here I am now
practically born just now this
yes what's your name my name is varika
I am 11 years old and I am from Ivanteevka
where are you from and gild the call to the cream
Yes, I was there recently to furnish
bend you know why not turn
although I wanted many times and my hand shook
over the button over the red thank god that
Maxim did a wonderful, very good
right thing and you're already in the project I
a little bit scared as far as you are
nice and pure white melisma ching
these ones I was a little scared because
what was scared I will say I was afraid that you
you love them too much
degree yes which one i love them so how
Mentor I thought that maybe we
don't quite get along in thoughts but I'm here
I know one person who is special on
melodies in general in general in this side
people say and hear this is maxim
so it seems to me that
osvita.ua
emotionally very straight well done
thanks, it was about
what kind of music do you like to sing i love
rock jazz rock love and seriously my class
like a group of shandal
items. wow more serious to a
marilyn manson marilyn manson too
but clear
we are further each other
to say
but
Odessa
congratulations because
we are all about
this man
sits a little to the right
thank
now
I congratulate you I am glad that you are with us
can not whisper here girl shaulya
whisper you can speak loudly for it
punished but you can
let's distract the happy winners
and here on these from kindred hugging
hp don't crush the girl court girl
project unlike you want to say that
Mentors have made their voice to us
interesting to compare it with the choice of those
anyone have a mobile app